Fix missing reposition of balloon toolbar after scrolling the editable (#3562)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: tests/plugins/balloontoolbar/manual/divareascroll.md

@bender-ui: collapsed
@bender-tags: 4.13.1, bug, 1653, balloontoolbar
@bender-ckeditor-plugins: wysiwygarea,toolbar,balloontoolbar,link

## Please notice that both editable and entire document should have a scrollbar.

If editors are not visible in the test please scroll down the page.

1. Put selection inside a link to show balloontolbar.
2. Scroll editable.

> 3. You can use other links and scroll document to test different variation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use other links and scroll document to test different variations.
```

Let's make it obligatory :smile:
